I fear it is much worse than war.
The Dark Side clouds everything, It's impossible to see
But I am sure of this: The Jedi will do their duty.
The force is strong with you, young Senator.
I'm happy to see you alive.
In dark times nothing is what it appears to be, but the fact remain that you are in great danger Senator.
You worry too little about yourself Senator, and too much about politics.
You have to be mindful of the danger, Padmé. Accept our help.
This disturbance in the force is masking the future.
And only those who have turned to the Dark Side can sense the possibilities of the future.
We can only see going through the Dark Side.
It is a certainty that they are out there.
Only if he chooses to follow his destiny.
Feel, don't think, be as one with the force.
It will help you
Childrens - enough ! We have a visitor. Welcome him.
Master UNK UNK, meet the mighty Bear Clan.
How can I help you ?
It's an interesting puzzle. Gather round the map reader, younglings.
Master UNK has lost a planet. We will try to find it.
It's quite interesting.
The Gravity’s silhouette remains, but the star and all its planets have disappeared.
How can this be?
The mind of a child is truly wonderful. It's uncluttered.
Go to the center of the pull of gravity, and you will find your planet.
That question is much harder to answer.
The Council is confident in this decision, UNK.
You must discover who he is working for.
We must inform the chancellor.
With the forename Darth, it must be a Sith.
Perhaps there are too many missing pieces from this puzzle.
Two Hundred, more or less
I agree master Windu. Send two hundred Jedi.
Let's hope they are enough
Come on - hurry! Hurry!
More battalions to the left.
We must encircle them and then divide them
I have no interest in contests Count Dooku.
This is the end for you Count.
Victory ? You call that a Victory ?
It was a defeat, not a victory, Master UNK
The Clone War has begun !
You make that face
Do I look so old to young eyes ?
I do, yes, I do!
 I have become sick.
Old and weak.
You will not look as good when you reach nine hundred years old.
I will rest soon.
Yes, sleep forever.
I have earned it.
I am strong with the force, but not that strong !
Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall.
That is the way of things... the way of the Force.
You require no more training.
You already know what you will need.
Not yet, there's still UNK
You must confront UNK.
And you will confront him.
Only then will you be a Jedi
I need rest.
He is your father.
Did he told you ?
This is unexpected and unfortunate.
No, it was unfortunate that you rushed to face him while your training was incomplete.
You were not ready for the burden.
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.
But beware.
Anger, fear, aggression.
They are the dark side.
Once you start down the dark path, it will forever dominate your destiny.
Luke, Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or you will suffer your father's fate
Luke, when I am gone (cough) you will be the last jedi.
The force runs strong in your family Luke.
Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is another UNK
You have these visions, those premonitions
You speak of yourself or someone you know ?
Close to you ?
You must be careful when sensing the future, UNK
The fear of loss is a path to the dark side.
Death is a natural part of life.
Be happy for those around you who transform into the Force.
Do not mourn them. do not miss them.
Attachment leads to jealousy. It's the shadow of greed.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
The council does not allow this appointment lightly.
This move by Chancellor UNK is disturbing
UNK is Hiding in the Outer Rim
You must sweep the outlying systems
You must contact our spies contact and then wait Master UNK.
I will go.
I have good relations with the UNK.
He is too much controlled by the chancellor
There is a lot of anger in him, and too much pride in his powers
A prophecy that could have been misreaden
I hope you're right. And now I will destroy the UNK armies on UNK
May the force be with you
We must act on this
The capture of the general UNK will end this war.
We should proceed quickly and decisively.
We need a master with more experience.
I choose UNK
Then the time is now, Commander.
This line of thought will carry us to a dark place.
We must take great care.
This mud stinks. Give me a moment to bathe.
We are not far from the emergency ship.
Good-bye. Chewbacca and Tarfful, I will miss you. You are good friends. I have much gratitude and respect for your help.
Master UNK, these are dark times.
It is good to see you.
I barely escaped with the help of the UNK.
We have heard from no one.
We have received a coded retreat message.
Do you suggest dismantling the coded signal ?
We find ourselves In a dark place. A little more knowledge might light our way.
If there is a special session of Congress, it will be easier for us to enter the Jedi Temple.
Quickly dismantle the coded signal.
That group back there will soon be discovered.
This Padawan was not killed by clones. He was by a lightsaber.
Good, it will take a long time for the Clones to discover the recalibration.
Still longer to change it back.
If tou go into the security recordings you go, you will only find pain.
We must destroy the Sith.
You are not strong enough to fight this Lord Sidious.
Young Skywalker has become twisted by the dark side.
The boy you trained is gone. Consumed by Darth UNK.
There is no time to question.
Use your feelings, UNK, and you will find him.
My task is to visit the new Emperor. May the Force be with you.
I hear tou have a new apprentice. Emperor, or should I call you Darth Sidious.
Not if if I have anything to say about it, Lord Sidious.
Your rule is at an end and I must say, it was not short enough.
If you are so powerful, why leave?
Your faith in your new apprentice may be misplaced, as is your faith in the dark side of the Force.
I will destroy you, just as your apprentice will destroy Master UNK.
We will need careful timing we.
I must go into exile. I have failed. I have failed to stop the Sith Lord.
There is still much to learn.
Eternal consciousness.
To become one with the Force, and stll have influence. It is a power greater than all.
You have become a great Jedi Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.
I gratefully become your apprentice.
We must save them. They are our last hope.
She must still appear pregnant. The children must be kept hidden and safe.
They should be split up.
Send him to his family on Tatooine.
The force runs strong in the Skywalker line.
We can hope. It is done.
We will disappear until the time is right.
In your solitude on Tatooine, I have training for you.
An old friend has learned the path to immortality.
One who has returned from the netherworld of the Force to train me, your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.
He studied he secret of the Ancient Order of the Whills.
 I will teach you how to commune with him.
He will train you to join the Force.
You will retain your consciousness, when one with the Force.
Even your physical self, perhaps.
Feel like what?
Get your weapon away!  I mean you no harm.
I am wondering, why are you here?
Looking?  I would say you have found someone?
I can help you.
A great warrior. Wars don't make one great.
How you get so big, eating food of this kind?
Aww, can't you get your ship out?
I won'tl help you.
I will stay and help you.
Did you find your friend ?
I will take you to himl. Yes, but now, we must eat.
Come.
Soon you will be with him.
I cook rootleaf.
Why do you wish to become a Jedi?
Ah, your father.  He was a Powerful Jedi.
I cannot teach him. The boy has no patience.
There is much anger in him, like his father.
He's not ready.
Are you ready ?  What do you know about ready?
I have trained knight for eight hundred years.
My own council will allow me to know who needs to be trained!
A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind.
I have watched this one a long time. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon.
Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing. Hmm.
Adventure. Heh! Excitement. Heh! A knight craves not these things. You are reckless!
He is too old. Yes, too old to begin the training.
Will he finished what he begins ?
Oh, you will be. You will be.
Run! Yes. A Jedi's strength flows from the Force.
But beware of the dark side. Anger... fear... aggression.
They are the dark side of the Force. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight.
If once you start down the dark path,it will dominate your destiny forever, it will consume you, as it did UNK's apprentice.
No... no... no.  Quicker, easier, more seductive.
You will know. When you are calm, at peace. Passive.
A knight uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
No, no, there is no why. I will teach you nothing more today. Clear your mind of questions.
That place is strong with the dark side of the Force. It's a domain of evil. You must go in.
Only what you take with you.
You will not need your weapons.
Use the Force.
Now feel the stone.
You are so certain.
With you it can never be done.
Can't you hear anything I'm saying?
Not different, only different in your mind.  You must unlearn what you have learned.
Don't try, do or do not, there is no try.
Size doesn't matter.  Look at me. Do you judge me by my size?
And well you should not. For my ally in the Force. And it's a powerful ally.
Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us.
We are luminous beings, not this crude matter.
You must feel the Force around you.
Here, between you, me, the tree, the rock... everywhere! Yes, even between this land and that ship!
That is why you fail.
Concentrate... feel the Force flow.
Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future, the past. Old friends long gone.
Control, control. You must learn control.
Friends you have there.
It's the future that you see.
Difficult to see.  The future is always in motion.
You must  decide how to serve them best.
If you leave now, you could help them. But you would destroy all for which they have fought and suffered.
Luke!  You must complete the training.
You must not go!
Yes, you listen to UNK. The cave, remember your failure at the cave!
They must be stopped. All depends on this.
Only a fully trained Knight as his ally will beat UNK and his Emperor.
You will become an agent of evil.
If you honor what they fight for, yes!
UNK is strong. Mind what you have learned, it can save you.
I told you.  He's reckless.  Now matters are worse.
There is another.
The very Republic is threatened, if the Sith are involved.
The dark side is hard to see. We must discover who is this assassin.
You must stay with this queen, UNK will Protect her.
May the Force be with you.
Do you have more to say?
An agreement, you say?
But you do, your opinion is revealed.
Trained as a knight, you request for him?
He will be tested.
Good, good, young one. How do you feel?
Are you afraid?
We can see through you.
I think he's afraid to lose her.
The path to the dark side is fear, fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. I feel much fear in you.
We will continue then.
You were correct you were.
This boy's future is clouded. Masked by his youth.
You have an apprentice. It's impossible, to take on a second.
You are ready so early, aren't you? What do you know about ready?
Our own council we will keep on who is ready. He has more to learn.
And draw out the Queen's attacker.
Young boy's fate will be decided later.
Don't train him. Take him with you, but don't train him!
May the Force be with you.
The council trusts you with the level of a Knight. But I don't agree on you taking this boy as your learner.
The boy may be the Chosen One; nevertheless, I feel great danger in his training.
I feel defiance in you. You don't need that. The council agrees. The young boy will be your apprentice.
There are always two, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice.